The following list contains a summary of all known bugs/caveats/missing
features you may run into and some help how to survive in these cases.

- Its not a good idea to have the glame swapfile reside on a non-local
  disk (like in your NFS mounted home) because of performace limitations.
  As the default location set by the gui is ~/.glameswap you should change
  that to something more reasonable (Settings/Preferences...) if your
  home is not local.

- cglame is not really up-to-date with the gpsm midlayer (read: it does
  not know about the metadata the gui deals with) - this will be fixed
  in a future release.

- Even with --enable-low-latency GLAME is not really a real-time capable
  synthesizer (though you're able to use GLAME as an effect generator
  while playing guitar).

- There exist some broken audio hardware or broken drivers - to name a few
  we stomped over: the ISA soundblaster cards dont seem to be good enough
  to allow recording in GLAME, the via8cxxx_driver in the linux kernel has
  problems recording mono

- If the online-help does not work you either need to install gnome-help
  or put the path to the glame .info documentation into your gnome-helps
  documentation path

- There seems to be a rather large memleak either in the fft plugin or in
  the libfftw used - but its only temporary during the plugin running.

- BSD has not sufficient threads support builtin so you need to install
  the linuxthreads package. Simple test for this is to issue
  cglame> (test-latency 5)
  within cglame. If it returns to the command line everything is fine -
  if it hangs forever thread support is broken.

- The pipe_in/pipe_out plugins (and the derived read-mp3.scm filter)
  crash on most systems due to either pthread limitations or pthread
  or libc bugs (we need to trace this) - if you're lucky, it might work
  for you (it did for us long time ago...).

- If glame panics this could be a glame bug (as usually panics are "this
  should not happen" things) - we're interested in reports of such
  occasions, especially if its reproducable. Please include a description
  on how to reproduce it and the output from glame or cglame (preferrably
  compiled with --enable-debug). In case the panicing location is inside
  the swapfile code there may be an external source corrupting the swapfile
  - just restart glame in this case and it will try to recover (can you
  say fsck?).

